At Walton, we deliver a wide range of construction services with particular expertise in commercial, retail, health, aged-care and education projects.

The companys expertise  underpinned by the extensive experience of senior staff across all industry sectors  not only covers design-stage planning advice as well as commercial construction and interior fitout, but post-construction maintenance and refurbishment.

This expertise allows us to develop innovative construction approaches to deal with difficult sites and site access, and efficiently deal with operational (occupied) or greenfield sites.

We emphasise positive and proactive working relationships with all project stakeholders  ranging from developer to architect and landscaper to our own sub-contractors.  This, coupled with our focus on taking the time to understand the client's critical success points, is the key to on time delivery and quality that exceeds expectations.

Walton Values
Walton Construction is a values based organisation and these values form the basis for all that we do.  Our philosophy is to negotiate well and play fair.

Understanding
We seek to understand the needs of our clients, our staff and other project stakeholders to ensure the best commercial outcomes.

Empathy
We demonstrate empathy towards our clients, our staff and other project stakeholders seeking cooperative solutions to challenges which occur.

Teamwork
We work together, with the right mix of skills and experience of our staff and subcontractors, to meet the needs of our clients and other project stakeholders.

Loyalty
We develop positive relationships with, and reward loyalty from, our clients, our staff and other project stakeholders.

Respect
We treat our clients and other project stakeholders with respect and treat each other with honesty and courtsey.

Commitment
We are personally accountable to our clients, our staff and other project stakeholders for delivering on commitments we make.

Personal Growth
We value our staff, encouraging their development and rewarding their performance.

Family
We value the enrichment which family life brings to our staff and actively encourge work/life balance